---
title: 'Charter Cable acquires Time Warner Cable to become Spectrum'
date: Sun, 07 Jul 2019 21:08:28 +0000
draft: false
tags: [Personal]
type: post
---

I forgot to post this old post from 2017. Basically Charter Cable acquired Time Warner Cable and renamed it Spectrum. The idea was better cable company. First thing Charter did was remove ALL DISCOUNTS. So you get your introductory offer, then FULL PRICE increase. Nothing you can do except QUIT! With Time Warner Cable I had the following services: 200 channels + Extreme internet 200/20 which was only $100.60. Once Time Warner Cable becomes Spectrum and bill goes to $126.24. I made no service changes. I call Spectrum and speak to Vin who offers me nothing, 15 minute call. Vin transfers me to Customer Solutions, Mimi. She offers Spectrum 125 + digital packages and 100/10 internet for $133 (more than $126 and slower internet speed). Then I ask if there were internet only plans: 100Mbps $69.99 or 300Mbps $104.99. I promptly complain to the FCC and NCDOJ, this gets Spectrum's attention. Next week on Friday 3/31/2017,  I get a call from Craig, they offer Spectrum 125 + digital package for $112. I ask about the internet speed, which they say is 100Mbps. That's half what I get now. I inquire about the other options. Craig tells me they have 300Mbps. Says there will be a $200 installation fee. I call BS since I already have all the equipment and the thought of paying $200 to "flip a switch" is crap. I told him I have 200 and would like to keep that speed and I would be willing to change TV to lower the bill. He says 200 is no longer available, and that 100 is plenty. I tell him we have 5 people in the house with multiple devices, he says has no problems with 100Mbps. I tell him that if I download a DVD of Linux at 4.7GB it will take twice as long to download at 100Mbps. He promptly shut up after that. Craig then said he needed to look over my account and do more research. Today, Monday 4/3/2017,  Lionel calls stating that I mentioned I would accept the 300Mbps offer if they waived the $200 fee. I said yes I would. In my head I was thinking Spectrum 125 + digital package + 300 for the $112 price the guy offered before, or the $126 I'm paying now. But no they said it would be $156!!! That is going completely in the wrong direction. So I ask what if I drop the digital tier and go with the lowest channels: Spectrum 125 + 300Mbps. He says I'd save $12. TWELVE!?!?!?! RIDICULOUS. I told them for now I'll stay with what I have right now but that they need to bring back the sweet spot 200Mbps and that I will continue to complain to the legislature, BBB, etc that they are monopoly in our area. Unfortunately because of the lack of competation, the alternative in Rolesville is CenturyLink who offers ONLY 25Mbps (in 2019 they offer 40Mbps). I'm apparently too far for fiber. Today, my service is STILL the same, but my bill price is $146. Still the same TV lineup and internet speed. So much for Spectrum being a better cable company. Honestly I miss Time Warner Cable.