---
title: 'non paying bidders suck'
date: Thu, 17 Apr 2008 04:00:39 +0000
draft: false
tags: [Cars]
type: post
---

So the winning bidder [motorcyclessparker](http://myworld.ebay.com/motorcyclessparker) showed up to pick up the car this afternoon. Then asks "how negotiable is the price?" First of all it's ebay and you put in a bid, but I'll be nice. I replied "I was hoping to get the winning bid: $3,050." He looks the car over, gets in and starts it. He continues to let it run while looking around the car. I let him take it for a test drive. He returns, says "wow, it misses through the gears" referring to the fact that the car runs rough and needs a new distributor. Well no shit! Did you read the post?

> The car starts but runs rough. I've been told it needs a new Optispark distributor. The car also has an oil leak from the front of the oil pan. The 6-speed manual transmission is strong and works great. The ABS INOP light comes on occasionally, needs a new sensor on the passenger side, but brakes work just fine as I've driven it this way for more than 8 years.

So he proceeds to offer me $2,500. I'm annoyed now and tell him "no way, I turned down an offer from a guy on Friday for $2,600. Best I can do is let it go for $2,950 which is the price of the next ebay bidder." Turns out I was wrong the next ebay bidder was $3,000 and the one before that $2,900, but oh well. Dude then mumbles something about "I didn't want to put that much money into it." Should've thought about that BEFORE he bid. He continues, "How about $2,750". To which I replied, "nope, $2,950 is the best I'll do". At this point, I'm done. He walks away. Being the nice guy I am I tell him, ", sorry it didn't work out. It was nice to meet you." He says, "likewise, I might turn around halfway ". The thought that went through my head was "Yeah right!" I get in the Trans Am, start it back up, and back it into the garage, then go inside. The guy sits on my driveway for a good bit on the phone and chatting with his father. Probably trying to decide if $2,950 was a good price or not. Then he drives away. Then, at around 6pm he called my cell phone (which I had left upstairs and missed his calls). He left me a voice message, "Jesus, listen. About half way home I was gonna turn around, but I got a call and had to come home. But I'd come over if you let the car go for $2,950." Seriously? You're kidding right? So he expects me to still honor that price? HA! Yeah right. F\*\*\* off dude! If anything, the price goes UP! I haven't called him back and don't plan to either. I'll give him negative feedback on ebay and mark him as a non-paying bidder, then offer the car to the other two buyers. If that doesn't pan out, I'll relist it and keep this @$$hole from bidding. The part that gets my goat is he had a chance to see the car when it was on craigslist. But since he didn't show up, I put it on ebay. Had he shown up that day, I would've let the car go for $2,500, but not now, especially not to him. Well, that's the risk you take when selling on ebay.